hey youtube this is primetimepokemon and
in this video I'll be announcing the
last winner of my Christmas pokemon card
giveaway and this prize my tenth prize
is actually not pokemon cards at all but
it's a couple it's a couple of binders
that you can keep your pokemon cards in
a couple of figurines and then pokemon
firered for the gameboy advanced so i'll
play the video here just so you get a
little bit a glimpse of what the prizes
and you can always look at this video
i'm showing right on the screen here to
definitely see exactly what you'll be
getting and I'll just choose a random
commenter there commenter that satisfied
the requirements for the giveaway so
once again I'll just do just do like
normal and one threw 104 down here 104
pages so use random.org again 1 through
10 4 page 69 is the winner that's one of
the winners the winner will be one of
the comments on that page 69 and there's
one two one two three four five six
seven eight so one through eight over
here looks like the last comment on the
page is the winner so looks like grunt
12g is the winner so congratulations to
you for winning the binder figurines and
game so thanks everyone for entry I hope
everyone enjoyed my Christmas card
giveaway I plan on doing this next
Christmas as well doing another huge
giveaway some really nice cards in there
but as always always do those monthly
giveaways the deck giveaways and then
also give away those ten packs every
time a new set comes out so when next
destinies come up comes out I should be
giving away 10 packs for next destinies
so thanks a lot for watching and stay
tuned for more videos thank you